"English Subtitles by the lovely Ajusshis, Ajummas,
Oppas, Unnies and Dongsaengs of Avengers Subbing Club"
Corrections by Uncle Andy
Ogo, ogo.
I'll take you home with me.
Episode 9
I thought you all couldn't make it.
Ehy.
That was true.
However, you said that you
were alone in the sauna,
that you were lonely,
you were bored, you were dying,
you were alone in the whole world, etc.
In the wee hours of the morning,
you sent 20 messages.
So, how could I not come?
I thought it was my
alarm clock going off.
I was sleeping, but thought something
had happened, so I was so shocked.
Avengers Club!
Fighting!
However, is unnie okay?
Of course.
I just want to try it
furiously for once.
However, you.
Why are your eyes so swollen?
Did something happen again?
Oh.
I had a little run in
with my husband yesterday.
Did he hit you again?
No!
I cried.
Why?
It's just that...
husband and I had to do an
interview together yesterday
and it was at the orphanage
that I grew up in.
I'm okay now.
I'm not alone.
Of course!
This is why we made this
Avengers Club after all.
That's right. That's right.
If we live, we all live together.
We'll also take revenge together.
We can't leave any of us alone.
We'll be hurt.
That's right.
Three is better than two,
and four is better than three.
From now on, let's toss out the whole
"suitable for the Avengers Club" thing.
Let's punish the bad guys properly.
I agree!
Me, too. Me, too.
I also like it.
So, what I was thinking...
Aigoo. It's good. It's good. Even
the ideas are overflowing. It's good.
So,
what are the plans that
you two are proposing?
Huh?
Oh.
Mom, didn't you go to the store?
Ay.
I just met up with the ajummas
to warm up our bodies a bit.
I'm going now, I'll be back later.
There is nothing for you
to be downcast about.
Still, mom,
this is the first time my
record is being questioned.
So, I am a little anxious.
Anxious? Why should you be anxious?
That you did nothing wrong,
I know it,
you know,
and even our Hee Soo knows.
That's the thing, mom.
Yah!
We three are the only
ones who know the truth.
That's what I'm saying.
The heavens know,
and everyone in the world will know.
It will become like that.
Now, go.
We're going now, and will be back later.
Yes.
You've had something to eat, right?
We'll be back.
Okay.
I was helped very much by you,
Principal.
Oh.
You shouldn't do this.
I have no other way to convey
my gratefulness to you.
Please accept this,
Principal Hong Sang Man.
Yes, well.
If it's really what you want,
Jung Wook's mother.
The video that I gave you so
that you could use in court,
I had no idea that it
would be spread like this.
Definitely,
your scale is very
different from others.
Me?
Oh, well... Could it be anything
compared to yours, Principal?
Really.
Ah.
Come in.
Oh, Teacher Kim.
Here is Jung Wook's mother.
Your age?
Your school?
I've graduated.
From where?
Ilgu University.
What?
What little corner is that located in?
I've never heard of it.
Gyeonggi Province, Han Young City,
II Jung San Route 13-3,
Ilgu University, College of
Education is where I graduated from.
Oh!
Oh.
Principal,
since when did our Sevit High
School not discern backgrounds,
and just bring anyone in to be teachers?
Limited contract.
She's a limited contract worker.
Ah!
Limited...contract.
If you don't have the confidence to
take the teaching certification exam,
you should meet a man
and get married instead.
If you can't even do that,
then you should take after your mother
and diligently sell fish at least.
Jung Wook's mother.
What?!
How dare you so ill-manneredly
raise your eyes.
Why?
Are you going to hit me as well?
No matter how uneducated you are,
if you hit a student and
put him in the hospital,
then at least once... at least once,
shouldn't you go to the hospital room
door in order to consider yourself,
no matter how barely,
barely a human being?
I have never hit a student!
Yah!
That's enough. That's enough.
And, Principal, when did you say
was the disciplinary hearing?
This week, I'll try to get it
organized for as soon as possible.
Okay
Son?
You're quietly lying down, right?
Okay.
Oh
Teach!
Are you okay?
"That the truth will be revealed,
so that the heavens will know, and
everyone in the world will know, soon"
is what my mother has said.
Yes.
That's definitely going to happen.
Yah, Hwang Jung Wook
asked us to go visit him.
He has to be ill in order
for us to go visit him.
Or you can go by yourself.
Do you think that I'm going to do that?
Yes.
That time here, you were about
to save Hee Soo, weren't you?
If I hadn't been here, then you would
probably have become his savior.
The chance you lost then,
let's just say that you're
making up for that by doing this.
And, if I do?
I won't bother you ever again?
Okay.
Oh
Baek Seo!
Are you hurting a lot?
Oh?
No!
Not at all.
I'm totally fine.
They say that Teacher Kim Hee
Kyung kicked you and you got hurt.
But, you're okay?
Oh?
Ahh
Yah!
I shouldn't talk about that.
Then I'll go now.
Oh! Wait, wait, wait, wait...
Oh, okay, what is there that
we can't talk about between us.
You know my mother. We lied about it.
This is my uncle's hospital.
Just until that contract teacher
is fired, she told me to lie here.
But, how did you get the video?
That was the school's CCTV.
Ay, that...
You know my mother.
She said she gave some of
"this" to the principal.
Oh.
Baek Seo,
do you want something to drink?
I have just about everything here.
Thank you.
Don't let my face show.
It's just the back of your head showing.
It looks like a guy's. A guy.
Yah
You're better at acting
than I would have thought.
You said you wouldn't
bother me any more!
This is the same direction
that I have to go!
Here. Yes, there.
And, here.
And, here, too.
"Violent teacher".
And, try that one.
"The teacher is trash."
What in the world.
Report it.
Ay. And, what is this about
setting a proper example...
Avengers Club's good luck charm is here!
Oh, Soo Gyum, you're here.
Report this one, too?
Of course.
And, you're doing okay as well?
Yes.
Report it.
Reporting.
Ehy!
You don't need to do things like this.
Hong Do unnie said that we should report
the comments cursing Hee Kyung out.
Until we can do something else,
unnie said we should at least do this.
It's just that...
when I see them, my fever spikes.
People who don't know anything
write such... harsh comments.
That is why...
I came.
What is there that we can't
talk about between us.
Mission accomplished.
You know my mother.
We lied about it.
This is my uncle's hospital.
Just until that contract teacher
is fired, she told me to lie here.
But, how did you get the video?
That is a school CCTV.
Ah, you know my mother.
She said she gave some of
"this" to the principal.
Oh. Oh!
Do you want to drink something?
I have almost everything here. Pick one.
Oh! Ohhhhh, our good luck charm! Ohhhh!
My Seo Yeon!
It's really my Seo Yeon!
Ajummas, it's not the time
to be like this right now.
This is now the real start.
That's right.
This is good.
Let's just bind the
two of them as a set,
and send them flying with one punch.
One Strike, Two Blood.
Yes, that's really it.
Quickly. Let's go on to the next plan.
Avengers Club, fighting!
I'm so happy.
Did you really want to come here again?
You shouldn't have any
good memories of it.
They say that Teacher Kim Hee
Kyung kicked you and you were hurt.
But, are you okay?
Oh.
Ah...
I shouldn't talk about this.
Okay, then. I'm going.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait...
You know my mother.
We lied about it.
This is my uncle's hospital.
Just until that contract teacher
is fired, she told me to lie here.
But, how did you get the video?
She said that she gave some of
"this" to the principal.
Oh! Baek Seo,
do you want something to drink?
I have just about everything here.
Since Jung Wook's mother lied about it,
then you're guilty of
deception and making threats.
And of using a self-injury
to make a threat.
And, you also gave "this"
to Principal Hong Sang Man,
so that includes the crime of bribery.
Since you spread the fabrication around,
that's libel.
Wait...
Isn't there a charge to bring against the
hospital that accepted a fake patient?
What are you doing?
Not writing anything down?
Are you going to be able
to remember all that?
You have to defend yourself in court.
Hee Soo's mother.
How much will it cost in
order to get your forgiveness?
Money.
My little sister Jung Hye
has more money than you.
That courtroom that you like so much,
let's go there together.
W...w...
Hee Soo's mother.
What is this?
This attitude?
Hee Soo's mother.
What are you doing?
If my husband finds out, I'm dead.
Ah...
Vice President Hwang.
I heard about him from Jung Hye,
so I know him well.
That he is a model of integrity without any
blemishes and that he's so straightforward,
that he's like a bamboo tree.
Please save me.
Since you're being like this,
it's very uncomfortable for me.
You should just be your usual style
and do whatever you want.
Settlement.
Court.
Court!
Settlement!
Court.
One more time.
One more time, I will kneel and beg.
Settlement!
If you will just agree to a settlement,
I'll do whatever you want.
Anything?
Ok.
I accept "anything".
Get up.
Huh?
Seo Yeon.
Hee Soo's mother said to tell
you that she's very grateful
and that she'll buy you
something delicious.
You did well, Seo Yeon.
Lee Soo Gyum said that if
I did him the favor that
he would stop bothering me.
That's why I did it.
Seo Yeon.
Isn't there anything you want to eat?
Ddeokbbokki.
Oh, okay.
Mom will quickly make some for you.
Hee Kyung.
Hee Soo.
Yah
Where did your sister go? Why isn't
she answering her phone at all?
She's not home yet, mom.
Ok.
Sit down. Sit down.
Mom will show you
something unbelievable.
Mom.
Don't try so hard.
If you're having a hard time,
you can just say that
you're having a hard time.
That's not it.
Mom...
Hong Do-ya.
Don't cry.
Hee Kyung is here.
Oh!
Aigoo. Aigoo.
Drinking to try to make yourself
feel better when you're upset.
I told you to correct that habit,
didn't I?
Ay, who does she take after that she...?
Mom, come here.
Aigoo. Aigoo.
Sit down.
Yah, yah, yah, sit.
Here.
Aigoo.
What this is...
since I don't know when
I'll get another paycheck,
so, this is a gift to
commemorate my starting work
and also my stopping work.
Mom, try one.
This is not the time for you
to be buying these things.
Why?
Is someone like me unable
to even give a present?
Oh!
Oh, this is good.
Because of those articles,
I was so tired,
but now I feel my strength
completely returning.
There is no one but my daughter.
Oh, mom.
You said you would show
me something unbelievable.
Ah ah
Come here. Come here. Come here.
You two. You said that you
believed in your mom, didn't you?
Here.
They say that Teacher Kim Hee
Kyung kicked you and you were hurt.
But, are you okay?
I will do that interview you proposed.
Yes, I will see you there.
The more I see grandfather, the more I
don't know what kind of person he is.
He is a person who started at your age, and
he has made Hae Rang into what it is today.
So, he may not like anyone
he sees as his successor.
He may be looking at
you as his final hope.
I better quickly
straighten that out then.
Actually, I also...
She was an amusing woman.
She brought that with her.
Because of you,
do I have to deal with a woman like her?
"I also..." what?
In case President Kim Jung Yun
should contact you, don't meet her.
Why?
Just because.
Don't be used by her.
Yes.
I think I will have to
be like that from now on.
Who is it when it's so early in
the morning? You're very popular.
It's because today is my birthday.
Why didn't you tell me?
Ay, who celebrates a birthday
for a 19 year old anyway?
Oh!
Just stop and drop me off right there.
Yes.
I'll be off to school now.
Birthday?
Omo, who is this?
He said you lived like
an invisible person,
and now you're trying to treat
me as if I'm invisible, too.
Oh!
Give me that one.
Yes, I will, Madam.
Oh, then...
Give me that one, too.
Yes, Madam, I understand.
Then, this one is really...
That one as well.
No.
From here to there, send it to my house.
Thank you, Madam. I understand.
Well, then.
This one... this is mine.
Just let me buy this one.
I... I...
Excuse me.
Do you know what day today is?
Why should I have to
know what day it is?
Why?
Do you have something to say to me?
There is something that
I've been curious about.
Where do you buy things like that?
Why? Do you want one?
Don't just sell to anyone,
making their value fall.
I'll be careful.
Please go safely.
Yah!
You...
How can...
Please go safely.
That's fine.
We'll meet there.
Tonight, we carry out the plan.
Thank you for having the courage to do this,
though it must have been difficult for you.
May I ask you about your son first?
The article will be released soon.
Yes.
You could have buried it
till the election was over.
Thank you for revealing a difficult story.
Both my husband and I were
so lost in our sorrow,
that we couldn't send
our son off properly.
We should have at least put the
departed child's mind at peace.
This interview today,
did Candidate Baek also agree?
I think he will understand.
Everyone, what should you
do when the red light is on?
We wait.
Yes, wait.
Ah, the green light has come on.
Raise your hands...
and slowly go across.
Go across. Go across.
Yes, right.
Candidate Baek Young Pyo.
Yes?
Could you please take a photo with my son?
Ah okay.
Aigoo. You're handsome.
I'm shooting now.
Are you studying hard?
Yes.
SungHyun, you have to smile.
One, two three.
I can't do this again.
But the mothers' response was very good.
Did you send the press release?
Yes.
Answer it.
Hello.
What?
Madam did?
I see.
You should see this.
[Exclusive: Seoul Superintendent
of Education Candidate
Baek Young Pyo's son
committed suicide 2 years ago.
Wife Lee Mi Sook's heartwrenching
confession reveals their son's death]
Baek Seo!
Why? What?
Your brother, is it true?
You said your brother was studying
overseas, but he had committed suicide?
You've come early.
Today, I received
phone calls all day long.
Why didn't you discuss it with me?
I'm sorry I didn't discuss it with you.
No, you did well.
It was something that we had to
go through at least once anyway.
Ah hello. Reporter Park.
Sure.
The panel discussion will go as planned.
Yes.
Seo Yeon, you came?
Seo Yeon, by any chance,
did you see the news?
You did well.
Uh?
I said you did well.
I'm going to study, so please leave.
Oh, yes. Eat the fruit while you study.
Okay
Wow,
did you really rent this whole place?
It's not the first time.
Isn't it the right size
to make him confess?
Shall I rent it every
time we have a meeting?
Jung Hye.
By the way, today's plan,
I know I planned it,
but I think it's quite fantastic.
Use a bad guy to catch a bad guy.
That's because
Hong Sang Man knows that
we're the Avengers Club,
so we couldn't face...
him directly...was what I was
about to say thoughtlessly.
But, Madam rented a site
like this out and everything.
Oh, that's right. Right.
But, our Madam has prepared this perfect
event, so why aren't they coming yet?
Joo Gil Yeon,
can we trust her?
Sure. I definitely told her,
so let's at least wait for now.
They've arrived! Turn off the lights!
Turn them off! Turn them off!
Were you okay getting here?
Yes, yes.
Oh.
You said that you rented out the space,
so I thought it would be somewhere small,
but this is so splendid.
Could I host the principal
in just any old place?
I'm awestruck.
The ambience is so nice.
I put some effort into it. Please sit.
Yes. Please sit.
Uh. Can I?
Come on..
Let's have one more glass.
Here. Here, here.
One shot!
Confession! Confession!
By the way, Mr. Principal, what ill
feelings do you have for her that you...?
I mean, it was ill fate for me, but...
Ah, what?
Oh that fishy smelling...
I mean Teacher Kim's mother.
Ah...
the fish seller?
Aigoo. She's the worst, the worst.
It'll put me off my drink,
so let's not talk about it.
Aigoo. Here.
Oh, it's just that I
want to get back at her,
but I wondered if there
was a good method...
Ah..
Oh, that. I already did it.
Yes? How did you do it?
When, where, what, and how?
The Police Captain Kim,
he's my hometown junior,
using that person,
I made it so that
she couldn't sell her fish for
2-3 days and made her suffer.
Omo. So,
because of personal feelings,
you used a public official.
This is what you're saying.
Bingo.
Public official.
Power!
That's exactly right.
Here, here, here.
[Sexual Harassment Confession!]
However, that girl,
why do you hate her so much?
Who?
That fish seller's daughter.
Like mother, like daughter.
You know Teacher Kim Hee Kyung.
From her first day of work,
when she spilled a pot of stew on me...
Oh, even thinking about it now,
makes me shudder. Shudder.
However, why would Teacher Kim do that?
Oh. Well, because she
seemed like a daughter to me,
I affectionately patted her a little bit.
She totally treated me
like a bug or something.
She has no manners. No manners.
How could she be so ill-mannered
towards the principal?
You must have been very uncomfortable.
That's right. That's right.
Other women teachers were just quiet, how
dare just a contract worker like her..
make a fuss? Hm? And protest? Ehy!
That is why I always say a
family education is so important.
Right, how a fish seller's daughter
is... Ehy. Here, here, here, here.
Let's just talk about good things now.
Mr. Principal!
Yes. We have gotten
into the same boat now.
Oh! The boat is good.
It was good today.
Yes, yes the stairs.
Second round?
Second right, good.
Yes, yes. Wait.
Get in first. Aigoo Omomomo.
Mr. Driver,
please take care of him well.
Good bye, Mr. Principal.
You should have asked for money instead.
Are you sure that you got it?
You'll know once you hear it.
Settlement.
I should check the product first.
You should go.
You look tired.
Settlement.
How did it go?
OK OK.
Success!
Ah.
Because we were doing
this revenge thing,
we didn't even celebrate
Soo Gyum's birthday.
You thought we didn't know, didn't you?
No. To succeed in our
revenge is the real gift.
This. I thought it would suit you well,
Soo Gyum.
Thank you.
Since I am a woman who
has nothing but money.
Oh, that's okay.
Aigoo, take it.
What about you, Madam?
Yes, you said you went to the
department store to buy a gift.
It's at home.
What is it?
It will be good as
long as it's not shoes.
Why?
They say that if you buy someone shoes,
that they will run away.
Then let's just leave it that
I'll get Madam's gift at home.
Thank you, everyone!
Should we at least light a candle?
Yes.
What brings you to my room?
Uh? My gift?
That's right, but..
Wearing these, may I run away?
Uhm.
They fit exactly right.
Do you like it?
Totally.
Then study.
Yes. I'll study hard.
Hello.
Woa..
Principal.
What...?
Are you uncomfortable somewhere?
How could you just come in
and sit in here as you please?
I have...
something that I should
let you hear personally.
Ah.
What is it?
First, please sit.
No. I'm ok.
Then keep standing.
The Police Captain Kim,
he's my hometown junior,
using that person,
I made it so that
she couldn't sell her fish for
2, 3 days and made her suffer.
You know the rest of it, don't you?
Fish no... Madam?
Go ahead.
I mean, I suffered at your hands once.
What?
You did at that time. The chair.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
B.J. stands for Bok Ja (Avengers') Club,
right?
You glued me to the chair and fed
me medicine that caused diarrhea.
Do you have any evidence?
I have.
Let's talk only about facts.
Ah, so I mean let's just both forget
about the bad things in the past...
Ah, how about this?
What?
I'd like to recruit Kim Hee Kyung
as a regular teacher of our school.
Let's bury each other's
wounds deep in our hearts,
take a broad viewpoint
and be future-oriented...
Wait.
I will think about it.
Today, a disciplinary hearing
for Teacher Kim will be held.
Deciding before that... at least for
the sake of your daughter's future...
So, you just came out?
It's just that, for mom,
your intentions are important.
Ah, mom...
Did you hire detectives or something?
Huh?
I mean, where did all this
evidence suddenly come from?
Oh...
That isn't what's important.
I said the important
thing is what you want.
How about you?
Do you want me to
formally become a teacher?
That time,
at the parents' event last time,
I wanted to confront the Principal,
but you were...
Like this.
You say that you want
to do it so much...
Oh, it's time.
Hee Kyung
Just think of yourself.
For mom, that will be enough.
I'll go in now, mom.
Although Teacher Kim didn't
directly use violence on a student,
but because it's undeniable that your
acts were capable of harming a student,
this disciplinary committee has decided
to hold you responsible for this matter.
There is no need to do this
when we are all one family.
Teacher Kim
should self-reflect properly
so that an incident like this
doesn't happen again.
And also a suspension
of salary for a month...
I...
Will resign.
Teacher Kim,
I've talked to your mother...
Principal,
I am...
planning on revealing the truth,
so I will refuse to take
any severance money.
Teacher Kim
You need to work at least one
year to get severance money.
Goodbye.
Ah, Teacher Kim...
Teacher Kim!
Mom...
You did well.
You did well, my daughter.
Very cool, noona!
Aigoo, aigoo.
You suffered so much.
What are you doing?
You have to do what
you were going to do.
Sorry.
Could you hear that, Ms. Joo Gil Yeon?
Repeat it. Louder.
Contract worker...
Teacher, I'm sorry!
I am sorry, too.
Don't worry.
I'm not going to record any video.
Just stay still.
We'll go back in first.
Since lunch time is over.
Okay.
Son, fighting!
If you bully Hong Do
Unnie even one more time,
I really won't stand for it.
Oh, what do you mean "bully"?
Madam, please stop misunderstanding.
Ms. Joo Gil Yeon, your contract will
be expiring soon, isn't that right?
Well, yes.
But,
but why would Madam
mention the contract?
Because it's mine.
Omona!
It looks as if you don't know.
It's been some time since the building
owner was changed to the General Manager.
I remember that I had told you before,
in the supermarket.
I don't think there's much time left until
the store contract needs to be renewed.
Should I raise it by another $20,000?
Omona, Madam is really..
I mean, even though you are
the wife of the building owner,
If you speak that way,
you'll probably hear
that you're trying to
throw your position around.
The building owner is me.
Well, of course, since you are
the wife of the General Manager,
then what the General Manager owns, you
could be considered as owning it as well.
Omona...
It seems you really
didn't know about it.
Although I have heard
that you do nothing but
live like a doll at home,
but what to do?
I will confirm that,
then we can speak again.
Well, okay.
If you wish.
Aigoo!
I said I had a meeting!
Jeez, you just do whatever you want,
when a man is trying to do some work.
Did you touch what's mine?
Eh?
Deed of Property Rights
Reason: 8 October 2017 Deed of
Assignment Owner: Lee Byung Soo
What's the fuss? Huh?
I was going to tell you after I had
finished organizing everything. Hm?
I'm ready to renovate everything nicely,
expanding the building to
make it several times bigger.
I have all the plans, and now,
it only needs to be executed.
Even if I tell you about
matters like these,
you wouldn't understand.
Why?
Because I'm a doll who
only knows how to breathe?
Aigoo... Why are you putting
yourself down like that?
Huh?
You
don't look good being that way, hm?
A person...
Must have some dignity.
You are...
Lee Byung Soo's wife.
Hm?
You have to have pride, Kim Jung Hye!
Tch.
See?
Now you look better.
You should smile like that.
Smile.
You seem to be under some delusion.
You...
Are nothing.
A son-in-law who doesn't even get
any consideration from Geon Ah Group.
An elder son in HaeRang Construction who
is losing out to his younger brother.
He's not only low enough
to use his 19-year-old son,
he's stealing his wife's
inheritance as well.
A useless jerk.
That's you.
Yah!
Hyung, today it's my treat.
Okay!
Son,
get in.
Who...?
Does your friend want to get in, too?
We're going to go for a drive.
You go ahead first.
No, it's okay, friend,
you can get in, too.
You want to go?
Okay, goodbye.
I said that your friend
should come with us!
Just go quickly.
What's this?
It's a sports car.
The color is a killer, isn't it?
Where did you get it?
Where else?
Of course I used my own money to buy it.
Where did the money come from?
I earned it. Why?
You earned it?
How?
With my strength, I gave birth to you.
Then using that power, I got the money.
From whom?
There is such a person.
You think without your father and
that woman, I can't get money?
Surely...
If President Kim Jung Yoon contacts you,
don't meet her.
Why?
Just because.
Don't be used by her.
Is it President Kim Jung Yoon?!
Omo!
Omo... You
are such a good guesser...
Are you crazy?!
Oh, what's wrong with that?!
This will be the last time.
If you go around selling me again,
then we will die together.
How could you
talk so harshly to
your mom all the time?
Talking nonsense about dying...
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah!
Omo, no... Yah, yah... Yah!
Yah, wait, yah... Omo!
No... Yah.
No, look.
Yah, wait, no.
Yah, that's mine.
Yah. Yah, yah. Wait.
Omo!
Son!
Yah, that's my money!
Yah, bring it back!
You don't have to be like this.
Whatever's missing,
I'll replace it for you.
No need.
I had assumed I was giving
it to charity anyway.
Then,
you can just donate it to another place.
What that woman used to get the money,
aren't you curious about it?
2017 November Rumor in Chaebol Family
The youngest daughter from
G Group is estranging herself
from her husband and is going
around with a younger man.
It seems your stepmother
didn't tell you.
Did she see it?
She's the main figure,
so she needed to see it.
Please stop it now.
That such a woman gave birth to you,
you must want to deny it.
Just like you, President?
The fact that my stepmother
is your little sister,
aren't you denying that?
So, is that how it comes across?
This will not happen
again in the future.
Why do you struggle so much?
Just stay quiet,
like your stepmother.
No matter what her husband is doing
behind her back, she's able to live
a comfortable, care-free life.
Who says that?
What did your husband say?
Did he really take
away your inheritance?
I will not let him off.
Of course!
You must teach him a good lesson.
Hurry, eat up.
After you eat, you have to gather
your strength to teach him a lesson.
Yes. It's delicious.
It is, isn't it?
Now that Hong Sang Man, that person,
was also sent flying in one kick,
my appetite has returned. Returned.
Hello.
Oh.
This must be where you
have your business.
Ah, yes.
Ah, how did you...?
I wanted to buy some
ingredients to cook.
Do you have squid?
Yes.
Unnie
Water.
I'll get it for you. How many?
I think two should be enough.
Are you close to my Unnie?
This is the first time I've seen you.
Yes?
No, it's just that nearby,
it's a wo-wood...
It's called Wood Story.
I opened a furniture workshop.
He's a carpenter, a carpenter.
I see.
Not even a pastor*, but a carpenter*?
*(single vowel apart)
Thank you.
Yes, President?
This time, I think it will
take a while to complete.
Yes.
Anyway,
I'll call you after it's finished.
Wood Story
This must be the place.
It looked as if they only
just knew each other.
If Unnie finds out,
then she'll have words to say.
No, it's not.
This is the first time I've seen
Unnie with such an expression.
What feeling did you get?
Just in case he's a strange person,
we should protect Unnie.
Oh!
Hurry, hurry.
He seems like a good person.
You can't tell just from
looking at his outer appearance.
And we don't know what
he's making inside.
Oh, he said that he made furniture.
Oh, let's go now, Jung Hye.
Hurry, hurry.
What is it?
I know, I know.
You already knew about it, didn't you?
But how did you...?
I asked if you knew about it already.
Don't even talk about it!
In order to settle this matter,
I had to see President Kim Jung Yoon
and try to get on her good side.
Aigoo...
You already knew about this,
but you did nothing and
let mother see this?
Well, what could I do?
It's because you two
always go around together,
that there is material
for things like this.
Soo Gyum... Yah. Yah!
That, that... Look at that rudeness.
That... That...
I...
Oh, you're here?
What about dinner?
Are you Principal Hong Sang Man?
I am.
There are numerous reports
coming out that female teachers
have been sexually harassed,
is that the truth?
That family of the victim
who first reported it
as a matter of conscience
was also subjected to harassment,
do you acknowledge that to be true?
That you dragged in a public official into
a false report that you made, is that true?
Since it's in the middle
of the investigation,
I can't say anything.
The truth will soon be revealed.
There is a video of you
confessing and numerous witnesses.
Everything was fabricated. Fabricated.
I'm busy.
Principal! Principal!
Hello?
President Lee, what's going on?
The truth hasn't even been revealed yet.
If you kick a person
out in one morning...?
Hello? Hello?
Principal Hong Sang Man?
Yes.
You need to come with us.
What is this?
If you have anything to say, I suggest
waiting until you get to the station.
I'm innocent!
Because that was done separately
by General Manager Lee,
I'm not familiar with the details.
I will check on it and get back to you.
That's not necessary.
You have a good son.
He asked for a favor.
The child, you met him again?
He came here of his own will yesterday.
The money I gave his mother,
he returned it before he left.
He asked me to be on your side.
I have a favor to ask.
Let's first hear what you want.
Please be on my stepmother's side.
I don't think that's
something you can ask me for.
In return I will do whatever you ask.
What can you do?
I will become
a useless son to my father.
That way, as you want,
my uncle will become the heir.
He asked me to make it so his
father can't touch your property.
For the adultery, you seemed to
have gotten something out of it.
He's only 18 years old.
Don't bother with him.
Why?
He said he would become a useless son.
Aren't you curious how he will do that?
Don't think about using him.
Why don't you make a deal with me?
A deal?
Senior Hong,
why did you put yourself
in this situation?
Did you think I thought
it would end up like this?
There's really nothing I can do.
I don't think we should be meeting
as often either for the time being.
You know my situation.
How can you talk like that?
In times like this,
we should be combining our strength.
The mood here is bleak,
let's go somewhere
nicer and have a drink.
I have another engagement
right now so I can't.
That's right.
I think until things settle down,
you should keep a low profile.
Also,
people talk here at the office,
so you should be careful
about coming here.
You guys are too much.
I don't even know if
I'll have to go to jail.
But thinking of you like
my real little brothers,
do you know what I've even done?
Avengers Club?
Did the letter come?
This morning, this was among the mail.
What is this?
What have you been up to that
something like this would be sent here.
That letter. You sent it?
Avengers Club? What is it?
That's why you need me around.
Listen carefully.
There are 3 members.
Your wife.
The last member is the fish monger.
The one from the chicken fight?
That's right. That's right.
You were taken in by them.
You think you're safe?
Me, too?
Does Jung Hye
seem the type of person
to serve and cook?
Your food was amazing.
Thank you.
You... have a foolish side to you.
These days,
I keep having moments of forgetfulness.
Ahhh!
There's something you remember,
isn't there?
You think back carefully, too.
Assholes!
I'm going to kill you all!
Ahh...
Son of...
Ahhh... now that I think of it...
You see, you see.
That's right.
So now we need to discuss what
we're going to do in the future.
What now?
As for a lawyer, I'll ask around.
When the election is over,
I'll help.
Are you really...?
Oh, look at the time. I have to go.
Professor Baek.
You know how to leave, right?
Hey!
Lee Byung Soo
Baek Young Pyo
Hong Sang Man
Joo Gil Yeon
Of the four...
One name is missing.
Han Soo Ji
The person who gave birth to me.
Two we've taken care of.
That leaves three left.
How to take care of the rest of them,
shall we make a plan?
Fish market owner!
Come out!
Fishmonger!
I'm telling you to come out!
Hong Sang Man?!
Come out!
I'm telling you come out!
Fishmonger!
How did you know my address?
I'm the broken...
I mean I'm the Principal.
You think I couldn't get the
address of one contract teacher?
You should go quietly.
We'll call the police.
A-ven-gers CI - ub!
I know
what you did!
Omo! Omo!
Hey,
you can't be here like this.
Hurry and get up!
Ahhh...
It's an NLA.
NLA!
What is he saying?
You don't know?
Neighborhood leftover ajummas.
Let's bury him.
Let's just bury him.
Will this do?
Neighborhood leftover ajusshi.
English Subtitles by Avengers Subbing Club
https://avengerssubbingclub.wordpress.com/
Then the plan this time,
we've perfectly completed it, right?
There is one bastard left.
It seems that you've been running
around doing some fun things these days.
Avengers Club.
We'll have to sort you out soon.
Avengers Club,
they say you're the leader.
Should I tell you? Here...
He said that they were going to have
another meeting at the house today,
so I'll try to find something out.
Do I look as if I'm doing
this because I'm bored?
Lee Byung Soo, I will take him on.
You'll have to find a person for me.
Aren't you curious how I
took care of Lee Byung Soo?
Surely...?
"English Subtitles by the lovely Ajusshis, Ajummas,
Oppas, Unnies and Dongsaengs of Avengers Subbing Club"